We are a small home based breeders of Boxer puppies that only has a couple litters a year. Puppies are raised in our home with other dogs cats and kids, we offer genetically screened top quality Boxer puppies.They're energetic and playful, while rocking a glorious mane that recalls their royal roots. We offer AKC Boxer puppies with limited registration. Occasional full registration, Traditional and Multi colored. At Bake Boxer puppies we strive to breed the best of the best, and our Boxer puppies are of top quality that are focused on health and standards. With Baker Boxer puppies we are a small 
program focused on bettering the breed and producing puppies that are healthy and well socialized from birth. We strive to adhere to the standards of Boxer puppies and only breed dogs of sound health and excellent quality. http://bakerboxerpuppies.company.com

Our goal is to enter our babies into the show ring. Our boxer's will only go to loving homes. No other pet will love you. 

like a Boxer; they are truly incredible little angels. To own a Bo xer is to love a Boxer!
Baker Boxer puppies follow the "Rule of 7" socialization training (developed by Dr. Carmen Battaglia) with our Puppies. exposing them to new environments, experiences, and people. Our puppies are then heavily socialized between 8-14 weeks, 
following their vaccinations, which includes puppy visits from prospective owners. We send our puppies home with a Grooming Information, Diet Instructions, Care Instructions, Food Starter Bag, Certificate of Health, Vaccinations. We breed our Boxer selectively for quality and not quantity.  http://bakerboxerpuppies.company.com

Baker Boxer puppies has as commitment on fighting discrimination on good Boxers as such make it easier for everyone to find a Boxer in a safe, responsible way. And to us, that means more than just finding you a dog. We want to ensure that everyone on the Good Dog platform has the tools and support they need when finding their new best friend. That's why we aim to facilitate meaningful, long-term connections between potential puppy buyers and Boxer breeders, shelters, and rescues. We're an inclusive community with people from all backgrounds united around a shared love for Boxer puppies.  http://bakerboxerpuppies.company.com

Boxer puppies are incredible — the kind of creatures who teach us humans how to love unconditionally. We believe the joy of Boxer ownership is something everyone has the right to experience. To that end, at Baker Boxer puppies, we're committed to doing everything we can to ensure our platform is free of discrimination and intolerance. Everyone should feel welcome here.   http://bakerboxerpuppies.company.com

Each Baker Boxer  puppies member is committed to a set of standards created in collaboration with our breeder, veterinary, and academic advisors. We know that there is not, and may never be, consensus about how to best take care of and raise our Boxers. However, membership in our community represents a breeder’s commitment to prioritize for the health and well-being of their Boxer, engage in honest communication with their customers and to follow responsible breeding practices. Membership is not an endorsement by any one breeder of the practices of any other breeder, but rather a commitment to bring transparency and accountability to their practices in order to promote and enhance the welfare of their boxer. http://bakerboxerpuppies.company.com 
